quotas: refactor storage limit specification (#24785)
hashicorp/nomad: .changelog/24785.txt

```release-note:breaking-change
api: QuotaSpec.RegionLimit is now of type QuotaResources instead of Resources
```

```release-note:deprecation

> api: QuotaSpec.VariablesLimit field is deprecated in lieu of QuotaSpec.RegionLimit.Storage.Variables and will be removed in Nomad 1.12.0

Reviewer: I think you're using "in lieu" as opposite its meaning.  If I eat peanuts in lieu of cashews, it means I don't have cashews (which I prefer), so I must eat peanuts instead.  Rule of thumb: "in lieu of" = "instead of".

```suggestion
api: QuotaSpec.VariablesLimit field is deprecated and will be removed in Nomad 1.12.0. Use QuotaSpec.RegionLimit.Storage.Variables instead.
```

Author: :facepalm:
